chore: update MapControl sample readme (#384)
unoplatform/Uno.Samples: UI/MapControlSample/MapControlSample/README.md

# Uno Platform MapControl sample

This is a small standalone sample illustrating how to use [MapControl](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/uwp/api/Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.Maps.MapControl) in an Uno Platform app.

You can find [detailed instructions on configuring map support in your app](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/controls/map-control-support.html) in the Uno Platform documentation.

> Note: to run this sample on Android, you'll need to [add your own API key](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/controls/map-control-support.html#get-api-key-for-the-map-component) first. You should add it [here](./MapControlSample.Droid/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs).

Author: @nickrandolph This part seems to be outdated. However, I didn't find any information about the setup required or if it is needed at all. Do you care to update this part?

Reviewer: I suspect the part about the API key is old too. Can you check with mapsui whether a key is required and update the link to point to their site if it it

Author: Ill remove the part, since I didn't find anything in the code either.

# Uno Platform MapControl sample

> This is a small standalone sample illustrating how to use [MapControl](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/uwp/api/Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.Maps.MapControl) in an Uno Platform app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a small standalone sample illustrating how to use [Mapsui](https://github.com/Mapsui/Mapsui) in an Uno Platform app.
```

> You can find [detailed instructions on configuring map support in your app](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/controls/map-control-support.html) in the Uno Platform documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
